hi everyone i'm jimmy i'm the host of
the show thanks for watching thank you
for joining us on a very big day it is
today was
[Music]
back to school day here in los angeles
this is back to school week really uh
parents have been waiting for this for
almost a year our kids went back
this morning we're so eager to drop them
off i'm honestly not sure if it was
their school it was us cool
when the lockdown started our daughter
was in pre-k when the lockdown start now
she has her learner's permit
she's she's picking me up from work
tonight after the show
after more than a year of zooming from
their rooms this is what it was like
in los angeles this morning
[Applause]
that's right
off to applebee's you know
the um they're easing into it there are
new policies
in place to make schools safe some
classes are being held outdoors
desks are being spaced apart so the kids
aren't closed
bullies are asking nerds to stick their
own heads in the toilet first
swirlies this is interesting you know
what is seeing an uptick
during the pandemic besides crying ufos
or at least sightings of ufos reports of
unidentified flying
objects have skyrocketed there were a
thousand more sightings nationwide
over the same period last year most of
the reports came during march and april
when lockdown was at its most strict and
we were at our most high
but listen i when you've been staring
into a ring light for 12 hours a day
you're bound to see some circles in the
sky
florida congressman matt gates thanks
everybody i appreciate that
it's no no it's now you're patronizing
okay
matt gates is that a congressman from
florida with the hair
he is under investigation by the justice
department and the health
house ethics committee
turned into a a warner brothers car okay
and the health ethics committee and they
are
investigating allegations of sex
trafficking
of a minor gates made an appearance at
the trump doral resort
in miami this weekend for something
called the save america summit
is hosted by a group called women for
america first
which is hilarious and their keynote
speaker had a dire warning for the
ladies at lunch
so when you see the leaks and the lies
and the falsehoods and the smears
when you see the anonymous sources and
insiders forecasting my demise
know this they aren't really coming for
me
they're coming for you no they're coming
for you
they're not coming for just you
let he who has never van mode a
prostitute
cast the first stone sadly for
matt that trump hotel in miami was as
close as
gates he got to the t-man the
congressman was reportedly denied a
meeting with
trump at mar-a-lago which that has to be
a heartbreaker
matt gates was like the son donald trump
never had now he's getting treated like
the sons he does have
and this would be the part of the movie
where gates disguises himself
as a caddy and tries to sneak into
mar-a-lago
i mean how toxic do you have to be for
trump to not want to meet with you
he's literally pen pals with kim jong-un
he once invited the taliban
for a weekend of glamping at camp david
and now he won't let matt gates come see
him team gates did push back on
the report that he got the cold shoulder
a gate spokesman said
he has not solicited a meeting with the
president any time recently this by the
way
is the spokesman for matt gates not
kidding
his name's harlan hill what is going on
there
that is not a spokesman that is a
four-year-old dressed up as orville
redenbacher for halloween
this story that trump doesn't want to
see him was really a bug matt gates
because he tweeted this is a total lie
i am on a pre-planned vacation with my
fiance
and that's got to be a fun vacation
right now honey it's all fake news
no it's the deep state no the president
loves me nothing's funnier than these
guys who sold their souls to donald
trump coming to him
in their time of need and thinking he's
going to help them asking donald trump
for a favor
is like asking a nigerian prince for a
refund you're not getting it
okay instead of meeting with matt gates
trump um
on saturday night trump was the
recipient of the first ever
champion for freedom award which was
given by a group of republican
fundraisers
trump strolled in in his golf clubs and
had these kind words for his old friend
mitch
trump called senate republican leader
mitch mcconnell a quote
dumb son of a unquote i don't know
that doesn't sound like my president
trump according to those in attendance
trump also mocked mcconnell's wife the
former transportation secretary
elaine chow he said i hired his wife did
he ever say thank you and he also
very falsely claimed that the crowd that
stormed the capital had
over a million people he he can't help
himself
the violent and treasonous insurrection
i directed
was the biggest violent and treasonous
insurrection and history
and he still wants credit for the
vaccine trump said that someone
suggested him
that the vaccine should be called the
trump scene and he liked that
the trump scene would be a mix of
adderall hydroxychloroquine and ketchup
and of course he still says he won the
election
these this is getting sadder and sadder
this is like smash mouth at a county
fair telling you
their new album is number one only
billboard won't report on it
[Music]
on to more important matters there is an
infestation unfolding
in the state of ohio that i think
demands national attention
it started on wednesday night multiple
citizens called 911 claiming they saw
monkeys on the loose at a cemetery
in the east price hill neighborhood of
cincinnati police officers and animal
experts
searched for hours they came up no
monkeys at all and the only hard
evidence that these monkeys exist is
this grainy video someone posted to
facebook
they're just sitting up there they were
swinging from the trees
hey there's one down below you yeah it's
right there look you can see them look
what they're kind of like
yeah i'm too blind for that
oh my god look there's three i'm right
there
oh right there there's three of them
right there wow
thank god someone was there to shoot it
with a broken motorola razor
no one's really sure what's going on
there aren't any monkeys missing from
the zoo in cincinnati
police think these could be from a
private collection but no monkey owners
have filed a missing primates report and
not only that
this pack of mystery monkeys is starting
to grow they now say it's a gang of five
five monkeys have been spotted in saint
joe's cemetery
officers and volunteers are scouring the
area over at east price hill
we talked to people in the area who have
seen them and they say
they're very tall almost uh you know
human like sizes as big as trash cans
at first we thought they might have been
possums or something but then we seen
them actually swinging from the trees
like monkeys
and we were like oh those are monkeys
for real and that's when we started
flashlights and recording it and stuff
seeing their tail white right right
right there
[Laughter]
it's a monkey do monkeys wag their tails
sounds like maybe they've got dog
monkeys running around and
the police haven't been able to confirm
any of these sightings or get in contact
with any of the people
who made the 911 calls but fear not
because an amateur monkey sleuth named
charles is on the case i was over there
and he shot that way
charles delph looked like he was about
that tall says he saw one of the monkeys
thursday morning
he decided to search after hearing about
the unusual story
but then i was making my grill sound and
once i brushed the tree
that's when it was about this tall shot
that way
charles can you recreate those gorilla
sounds for us
you know sometimes to catch a monkey you
have to become a monkey
as of today the police have still not
found any monkeys and they believe the
whole thing
could be misinformation what do you
think it is guillermo do you have any
theories it's a crazy story
we may have to go to cincinnati to
investigate this ourselves
let's do it we have many trips planned
guillermo and i
and one of them is to japan to compete
in the olympics again you know games
were supposed to be held
last summer they're now scheduled to
take place in tokyo at the end of july
and we want to be in them
not at them in them we want to compete
now obviously we can't do
gymnastics or swimming or
tennis or diving or really any any of
those sports
but there's one event i think we could
have a shot at so we got in touch with a
former olympian from the united states
we asked him to teach us
everything he knows in the hope that
guillermo and i will have a chance to
test our olympic medal and before we
share this
i want you to know two things number one
it was raining and very cold
and number two i forgot i was chewing
gum so sorry for that
[Applause]
hi we're in the rain with allen james
allen
you are an olympic athlete for the
united states
do you practice even when it's raining
even when it's raining your sport is
what
the race walking and it's a 20k and 50k
uh race box didn't it used to be called
speed walking
well some people call it speed walking
but it's called race walking
now it's raining um my actually cold too
my nipples are protruding
is that going to be a problem it
shouldn't be a problem
no no not at all no so tell us about
your sport
in fact let's look at some video of your
sport here
that's how i walk when i really have to
use the bathroom is that the kind of
thing
that's the kind of thing we're going to
do now these people are walking
as fast as they can a lot of them are
walking as fast as they can it's just
you have to maintain within the rules
what are the rules the rules are that as
one foot lands the other one
is leaving the ground so there's the
contact with the ground
you always have to be touching the
ground with your feet
that's the difference between running
when you're up off the air and running
you're
bouncing off the ground yeah all right
teach us the key is
to to land on your your heel okay
and then you just kind of roll forward
you can
you can bend your knee as it comes
through guillermo are they watching
really closely
yeah and do people get penalized a lot
is it something that
happens regularly well it can get uh
three disqualification calls
and then the on the fourth they make you
sit in a penalty box
wow there's a penalty box penalty box i
like a sport with a penalty box
can i go away for you at the penalty box
no you do realize the mexicans have won
more
medals in race walking than any other is
that true
that's true yeah but we go like this
look
oh you're getting better it looks better
[Applause]
oh my goodness why he's not getting
around he's right
he's out he's ready okay look at you
again
[Applause]
i'm going to have you guys start off
with uh just don't worry about your arms
you're just going to swing them like a
long wave our arms in the air like we
just don't care
like sure okay just like you don't care
but what you're going to do is kind of
step out and just kind of walk with a
straight leg and bend it through
you're doing it perfectly jimmy
perfectly all right
now pick up the pace a little bit a nice
roll from your heel to your toes and
this is cool right as far as picking up
women
uh so we're gonna go home now
are you cold here let me warm you up
you know what when you're in competition
it doesn't have to be unfriendly
right i'm starting to get an erection
let's separate all right all right
i'd really like to see you go full speed
and kind of
see how it's really done okay well oh
he's taking off oh
oh my god all right all right here here
take that all right
let's start off slow it's like walking
with something's wrong
yeah good job keep doing it keep doing
it good job good job
don't give up go all the way go yeah
good job i feel like i could be almost
that fast
like if we were racing like a sprinter
like if we're
running against usain bolt he would blow
by us but i feel like we could maybe
hang
on these are right well i think we
should try let's try it
you mind if we try to race you
but for real like we want you to really
race us okay
all right he's gonna start back there
and we're gonna start right here
on your marks get set go jimmy don't let
him catch up
[Applause]
we're doing pretty good
yeah you know i didn't see it once i he
got in my tail
the smoke yeah but uh oh i couldn't see
the form but uh
how's you want to go for the most part
absolutely
so honestly on a scale of one to ten
what do you think well i would say
guillermo you're probably about a uh
three or four
okay somewhere um i think with your
build you could
you know i'd say about a four to five
so a little bit of work good job it's
the first time doing it well thank you
we are you know what we're gonna try a
number of events and we think that maybe
this might be the one for us to get into
the olympics in
2021 or two or whenever they actually
happen sounds great thank you
all right appreciate it thank you very
much it stopped raining
alex you know it doesn't always pay to
be early
what's next what do you think i'm
dinging
what badminton oh wow yeah
yeah think about it all right hi i'm
jimmy kimmel
an evil wizard has trapped me inside
this youtube video
click subscribe to help me escape